README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# AFRICA MUSIC CONFERENCE 2022
![AMC 2022 logo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84629565/181085402-9e66ad51-4b01-4161-abb2-76a80f30ff34.jpg)

> This is an educational project to make a website for a music conference event with home page and about page.


## Built With

- HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript
- Linters: 
  - Stylelint
  - Lighthouse
  - Webhint
  - ESLint
## Website Mockup 📱 💻 🖥️
![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84629565/181092628-62d25799-72cd-47e0-b740-6605cfcd7252.jpg)
![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84629565/181093286-7a6d1418-893d-49aa-a809-9893881eb170.jpg)
![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84629565/181097758-807e3f12-1f94-40fe-a10a-a47d42f0d4a6.png)
![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84629565/181095396-791a2211-8f1f-4b24-a5ad-64864c0f5240.jpg)
![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84629565/181096722-c2355bc3-2714-44a9-8a28-aaa2bdbc492b.png)
![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84629565/181095048-6388d529-9aa6-4132-88c8-e649eec04d12.png)
## Live Demo

[Capstone I : Africa Music Conference 2022](https://michael-duke.github.io/Capstone-I/)


## Authors

👤 **Michael Mesfin**

- GitHub: [@michael-duke](https://github.com/michael-duke)
- Twitter: [@MikeDuke21](https://twitter.com/MikeDuke21)
- LinkedIn: [MICHAEL MESFIN](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-21-duke/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- [Microverse](microverse.org)
- Code Reviewers
- Inspiration: 
  - [Vitor Guedes Madeira](https://github.com/Vitor-Guedes-Madeira)
  - [Virag Kormoczy](https://github.com/virag-ky) 
  - [Mavericks Balitaan](https://github.com/mavericks-db)

Under the the [Creative Commons liscense](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/)

<img width="300" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84629565/181086933-d5bcdb09-da51-40f6-b0f8-a1f191614257.png">

Original design from [Cindy Shin in Behance](https://www.behance.net/gallery/29845175/CC-Global-Summit-2015)
## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Extend README.md to incluse project documentation link

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# AFRICA MUSIC CONFERENCE 2022
![AMC 2022 logo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84629565/181085402-9e66ad51-4b01-4161-abb2-76a80f30ff34.jpg)

> This is an educational project to make a website for a music conference event with home page and about page.


## Built With

- HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript
- Linters: 
  - Stylelint
  - Lighthouse
  - Webhint
  - ESLint

## Project Documentation

- Here is the [link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pRpCYgXXrgL7nfmFDzdW5SDUlSlpfbeL/view?usp=sharing) to my Zoom video
## Website Mockup 📱 💻 🖥️
![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84629565/181092628-62d25799-72cd-47e0-b740-6605cfcd7252.jpg)
![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84629565/181093286-7a6d1418-893d-49aa-a809-9893881eb170.jpg)
![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84629565/181097758-807e3f12-1f94-40fe-a10a-a47d42f0d4a6.png)
![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84629565/181095396-791a2211-8f1f-4b24-a5ad-64864c0f5240.jpg)
![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84629565/181096722-c2355bc3-2714-44a9-8a28-aaa2bdbc492b.png)
![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84629565/181095048-6388d529-9aa6-4132-88c8-e649eec04d12.png)
## Live Demo

[Capstone I : Africa Music Conference 2022](https://michael-duke.github.io/Capstone-I/)


## Authors

👤 **Michael Mesfin**

- GitHub: [@michael-duke](https://github.com/michael-duke)
- Twitter: [@MikeDuke21](https://twitter.com/MikeDuke21)
- LinkedIn: [MICHAEL MESFIN](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-21-duke/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- [Microverse](microverse.org)
- Code Reviewers
- Inspiration: 
  - [Vitor Guedes Madeira](https://github.com/Vitor-Guedes-Madeira)
  - [Virag Kormoczy](https://github.com/virag-ky) 
  - [Mavericks Balitaan](https://github.com/mavericks-db)

Under the the [Creative Commons liscense](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/)

<img width="300" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84629565/181086933-d5bcdb09-da51-40f6-b0f8-a1f191614257.png">

Original design from [Cindy Shin in Behance](https://www.behance.net/gallery/29845175/CC-Global-Summit-2015)
## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
